Kata-containers Architecture Committee Candidacy Declaration

Platform: Arm

Candidate: Kaly Xin <Kaly.Xin@arm.com>

I'm working for Arm Electronic Technology (Shanghai) Co.Ltd.
This candidacy is representing Arm company to be voted for one seat of the
Kata-container architecture committee.

My current role is Senior Engineering Manager in the Open Source Software Group
and I lead a team working on virtualization and container technology on the Arm
platform. I have more than 10 years of experience in virtualization, especially
for hardware virtualization development including KVM and Xen. After that, I
transferred focus to OS virtualization and container development.

In recent years, my team started development on RunV project, one of the
predecessors to Kata-containers, to enable and enhance the multi-arch support.
Our focus areas included KVMtool support, performance profiling of the network
and storage devices for virtual machines, and we also worked on stability and
density improvements. For example, we identified a networking performance gap
and improved throughput by 10x on both Arm and x86 platforms. Another example,
we proposed and modified the synchronization mechanism between the hyperstart
thread and VM. These and other contributions were all merged in RunV upstream.
Some of them are already in Kata-container project too.

For these collaborations, there were public blogs announced at
https://blog.hyper.sh/arm_and_hyper.html and
https://community.arm.com/iot/b/blog/posts/arm-and-hyper-hq-will-push-runv-for-the-future-of-container-security. 
We have met regularly with Hyper team to discuss the development issues and solutions
of the project.

When RunV evolved into kata-containers, we transferred our effort into this
new joint project and contribute to it as ever. Initially, We found it couldn't
run successfully with multi-arch as before, lots of current test cases and CI
environment setting up are not for multi-arch in the first stage. We start to
fix the compatibility issues for different architectures. We are also working on the
public CI support for mutli-arch to ensure the ongoing reliability and stability
of the project. During the process, we feel this new joint project is very open,
friendly and full of vitality as before. That's so great to work in the community!

Interests:

We believe this is just the beginning for the Kata-containers project and that it
will have much broader applicability across different architectures and use
cases, especially within the emerging next-generation IoT and 5G era!  These
different use cases will generate new design requirements of the underlying
architecture and we believe strongly that good multi-architecture support will
be essential to position Kata-containers for broad adoption throughout the cloud
native ecosystem.
We look forward to driving these changes together, so the Kata-containers project
can reach its full potential!

