Name: Tao Peng

Email: bergwolf@hyper.sh, bergwolf@antgroup.com

Background:

I am a staff engineer at Ant Group, where my primary focus is on cloud-native
infrastructure related technologies, including both container runtimes and
images.

I have been an active contributor since the foundation of the Kata Containers
project and even before that in the runV project. I am interested in many
areas of the project, including runtime, agent, rust VMM, etc. I served as a
member of the vulnerability management team, the release management team, and
the architecture committee. Here, I would like to renew my seat in the
architecture committee to continue my contribution to the Kata community.

The Ant Group team is very dedicated to the Kata Containers project. We manage
a large scale of Kata deployments in production and advocate for Kata online
and offline wherever possible. We have been pioneers in new features as well
as architecture improvements. We have been actively engaged in upstream
development in the past and will continue to do so in the future.

We released Kata 3.0 last year, bringing in many useful features like the rust
runtime and dragonball-integrated VMM. Looking forward, I think there are more
things to focus on, such as:

1. Rust runtime production-ready. We released the Rust runtime as a preview
feature in 3.0. We should continue to improve and polish it to make it
production-ready so that users can actually benefit from its simplified
architecture.

2. Confidential container support. It has been developed in a separate dev
branch for a long time, which brings a lot of maintenance burden and hides
its radiance away from actual Kata users. We should put more effort into
maturing the confidential container support and merge the code into the main
branch sooner rather than later.

3. Service mesh support. Within the service mesh context, we have observed
more challenges on the Kata threat model and security boundary. We need to
find a solid solution to the problem and push forward both the secure
container as well as the service mesh world.

These are just three things on top of my mind. I certainly believe that we
have more to do, and I look forward to continuing to contribute to the
community and help it thrive.

-Tao
