Name: Tao Peng

Email: bergwolf@hyper.sh, bergwolf@antgroup.com

Background:

I am a staff engineer at Ant Group. My primary focus is container
infrastructure related technologies.

I have been deeply engaged in Kata Containers since the start of the project,
both in development and community. I continue to be very interested in the
project and want to be part of the efforts to ensure its success. I have
served as a member of the Kata architecture committee. And I'm running again in
the new round of the architecture committee election.

I have been an active contributor in the past in many different areas across the
runtime and the agent. I served as a member of the vulnerability management team,
the review team and the release management team. I also advocated the project in
various open source events, conferences and meetups.

Within Ant Group, our team is responsible for the large scale Kata Containers
deployment in production. We have been pioneers in new features and new architectures
of Kata. We believe it is very important to bridge production requirements and
upstream development. We have been actively engaged in the upstream development
in the past, and will continue to do so in the future.

Since its foundation, Kata Containers has matured quite a bit with an expanding
user-base. There are still a lot of exciting things to do.

One area is better integration in the container ecosystem. It has been a goal of the
project since the very beginning. And the current focus is the improved integration
with CNI/CSI/CRI. We expect to have a more VM-friendly interfaces that will help to
improve our performance and efficiency.

Another exciting thing is the integrated rust runtime. It continues to innovate
with cloud-native virtualization in mind and makes all Kata components work
tightly together, further reduce Kata's resource overhead and management complexity.

Last but not least, the Confidential Containers support expands the Kata Containers
threat model from protecting the infrastructure to also protecting the workloads.
It is a very appealing direction and attracts a lot of community interests.

Kata Containers 3.0 release is paving its way to be a real thing. These features
will certainly be important part of Kata 3.0. I look forward to continuing to
contribute and help the project thrive.

-Tao
