Name: Christophe de Dinechin
Email: dinechin@redhat.com

Caveat: This is a conditional candidacy, in case Archana does not reapply for
the seat she was holding. I feel that we need a quorum in the AC, but I also
would be happy to accelerate things and have no vote if we have enough
candidates.


Background:

I am the PO for OpenShift sandboxed containers at Red Hat, which uses Kata
Containers to make it easy to consume inside OpenShift. In that role, I have
been leading and coordinating the effort made by numerous contributors from Red
Hat in order to improve Kata Containers, its CI and its interaction with
components such as qemu, CRI-O or the kernel (e.g. SR-IOV).

Over the recent years, I have created the initial Kata packages for Fedora, and
then focused on security and threat model, performance, scalability,
debuggability and testability. Among the process changes that happened with the
help of Ariel, I can mention a weekly "triage" meeting as well as the use of
GitHub "projects" to coordinate efforts such as Confidential Containers.

For the future, I have a genuine interest in long-term evolutions of Kata,
including Confidential Containers, as well as a better API for communicating
with other components, which I recently renamed from "Sandbox API" to "Pod API"
to distinguish it from the containerd Sandbox API proposal. I really want to
address many CPU and I/O performance issues, as well as memory usage and general
scalability of Kata Containers.

Since I started working on Kata Containers, I believe that I have rarely missed
an architecture committee meeting, despite not being officially on the
committee. That works fine with me: the architecture committee has always been
extremely open to external input. However, I feel that the Architecture
committee needs a quorum, and I am happy to fill the third seat that is up for
this election if Archana is not re-applying for her own seat.

I really enjoy working with this community, and I look forward to keep
contributing, whether it's through the architecture committee or otherwise.
