Name: Fabiano Fidêncio

Email: fabiano@fidencio.org

Background:

I am a Software Engineer, a tattoo canvas for abstract art, a music addict, a
goats and pigs instagram follower, and a big fan of old video games.

In the past 18 months I dedicated a huge chunk of my professional and personal
time contributing to the Kata Containers project and community, with a strong
focus on helping Red Hat to build a product from the Kata Containers project.

My involvement with Kata Containers has been intense.  I've been involved on
pretty much every part of the project, on projects Kata Containers interacts
with.  Moreover, I've already been serving the community as a current member of
the Kata Containers Architecture Committee.

In the enterprise world, I have worked on making the upstream project a Red
Hat's downstream product, passing by Fedora, CentOS, Red Hat CoreOS, and
OpenShift components.  As a result of this effort Red Hat now has an official
product which uses Kata Containers underneath. 

In the community space, I also have helped on a lot of different parts of the
project. connected people to have their problems solved, mentored both
newcomers and students into our community, led Architecture Committee meetings,
led the last vPTG's Kata Containers session. I also went hands-on on CI,
code-reviewing, development focusing on easing the adoption of the project,
managed the past and current releases, and have been working as much as
possible to grow this community in a healthy way.

My main motivations are still to increase Kata Containers adoption in the
industry, while ensuring the project is stable and easily consumable.  This is
more important now than ever as new players are adopting and contributing to
the Kata Containers project.

To make it possible, I plan to continue working in the integration bits, while
connecting and facilitating the communication between the Kata Containers
community and the communities that I am part of.

On a side note, I'd like to mention that from November 1st, 2021, I'll be
working for Intel, focusing on the Kata Containers project.

Fabiano Fidêncio (IRC / Slack: fidencio)
