Name: Anastassios Nanos

Email: ananos@nubificus.co.uk

Background:

I am a Systems Researcher, with almost two decades of experience in systems software development. My journey in this field began with low-level system architecture and a drive to create efficient and robust systems software to accommodate high-performance application needs. Throughout my career, I had the privilege of working on various hypervisor projects, specializing in enhancing performance, security, and interoperability. Currently, I am juggling between academic and commercial projects, working on various aspects of the software stack to enable secure and efficient application execution in multi-tenant Cloud/Edge environments.

My involvement with the Kata Containers project stems from a passion for pushing the boundaries of containers. I recognize the role hypervisor support plays in ensuring the project's success, and I am eager to share my expertise to make it even more robust. From optimizing performance to fortifying security, and extending support to diverse hypervisor projects, I am committed to making (or keeping;-)) Kata Containers the de-facto microVM sandbox container runtime. As a team, we are involved in Kata<->Firecracker support, both in the go and rust runtime.

If honored to be a member of the kata AC for another year, my primary focus will (still) be hypervisor support, particularly in the context of the runtime-rs port and ARM64 support. Facilitating the execution of hardware-accelerated workloads is something I will try to pursue as well. Finally, establishing a robust baseline for performance metrics is key to extending the project's adoption. This is something we have been discussing for quite some time and it seems we are almost ready to dig into the actual implementation.

A few thoughts: 

- Advancing CI Stability: I recognize the critical role CI plays in maintaining the project's health and stability. I will prioritize efforts to enhance the CI pipeline, especially in the context of adding tests for Firecracker, catching hypervisor-related corner cases, and ensure timely detection and resolution of issues related to new features and the runtime-rs integration.

- Fostering Collaboration: I believe in the power of collaboration to drive innovation. As a committee member, I will actively engage with stakeholders, solicit feedback from the community, and foster a culture of open communication and collaboration (even if this means more travel, and more talks! :D). I will strive to keep the inclusive environment that the community has created, where diverse perspectives are valued, and all voices are heard. 

I am deeply committed to advancing the Kata Containers project. With your support, I am confident that together, we can achieve new milestones and drive the project to even greater success.

cheers,
Tassos
