Name: Ruoqing He

Email: heruoqing@iscas.ac.cn

Background:

I'm a software engineer at Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences,
and my focus is virtualization and cloud-native on RISC-V architecture. More
specifically, the software stack related/connected to and includes Kata
Containers.

I walked all the way up from rust-vmm -> cloud-hypervisor -> Kata Contaienrs,
laid down the RISC-V CI infrastructures and introduced RISC-V architecture
support, while actively maintaining them. Besides, we have been working on
dragonball too since last year, those works will be put up and receive reviews
in a few months after we figured out how to deal with and upgrade the rust-vmm
dependencies correctly and elegantly.

As for the RISC-V infrastructure, we are closely working with RISC-V hardware
vendors, testing our works on their FPGA, QEMU and prototypes even before those
products are manufactured. So for sure, we will get a hold on them when they
(RISC-V hardware capable of running Kata Containers software stack) are made
available to the market. As of now, we are maintaining the RISC-V runners we
have in Kata community. With that being said, I would be actively playing with
and maintaining our CI as of those connected/going to be connected machines, to
establish solid ground for RISC-V work to stably progress.

In the year ahead we are going to have real hardware that is capable of
building, testing, and running full Kata Containers software stack, which would
be an important milestone for both Kata and RISC-V. I will be pushing the
following forward:

- Extend/Upgrade the runner matrix in Kata self-hosted RISC-V runners:
  Currently, we are using machines without hypervisor extension solely for
  building, and my goal is always align with other architectures to build, test,
  and run on self-hosted machines.

- Expand RISC-V support for Kata components: This is my primary focus in our
  community, I will continue to work out, stabilize and maintain RISC-V
  architecture support all over the place.

- Explore RISC-V Confidential Containers: Looking for works could/should be
  done in both coco community and integrating them to Kata, and catching up the
  developments of CoVE here.

- Advocate Kata Containers: I have been talking about Kata Containers more than
  ten times in the past year, to developers, end users, and the public. I
  talked about Kata on RISC-V in FOSDEM 2025 [1] in Feb 2025, and I will bring
  this topic to RISC-V Summit Europe 2025 in May 2025.

apart from those, I will be committed to helping maintaining our CI
infrastructure, reviewing/unblocking PRs and contributing like predecessors and
current ACs/maintainers/contributors in our community did.

Cheers,
Ruoqing

[1] https://fosdem.org/2025/schedule/event/fosdem-2025-4156-from-rust-vmm-to-katacontainers-the-development-of-h-ext-based-software-ecosystem/

