Name: Greg Kurz

Email: groug@kaod.org

Background:

I am a Senior Software Engineer at Red Hat. I work for the Openshift
Sandboxed Containers project, which provides Kata Containers to the
Openshift Container Platform. I initially joined the effort to share my
expertise on system components involved in virtualization, most notably
QEMU, but my interest now spans the full stack, in order to provide a
well integrated and production grade software to end users.

Being an open source enthousiast since the late 90s, with a strong focus
on system programing, I have been involved in early implementations of
containers in Linux (LXC). After a brief detour through a proprietary
operating system, I came back even more convinced of the virtues of open
source regarding software quality and personal development. I then spent
nearly 10 years working in underlying virtualization technologies used by
Kata Containers, especially QEMU where I actively contributed to IBM's POWER
architecture support and acted as maintainer for the 9Pfs subsystem until
today.

I have developped over the years a strong appetite for "learning from"
and "sharing with" people in open communities, with a peculiar interest
in promoting good practices. The main piece I'd keep from my experience
with QEMU and Linux, is the importance of accompanying and improving
contributions so that new comers can fully benefit from the priceless
expertise that was accumulated over the years. This is a key part for the
success and sustainability of any community.

I joined Kata Containers 2 years ago, as a developper first, but then
quickly endorsed the roles of reviewer, maintainer and I got directly
involved in several official releases. I am now ready to go one step
further and join the Architecture Commitee in order to accompany the
community even more on consolidating good practices and improving
processes. This is crucial for the success of Kata Containers, now that
it has become the de-facto vehicle to bring more and more virtualization
features to the containers ecosystem, with its share of integration
challenges.

Greg
